[ECO-1324] Update assorted architecture specifications (#31)
econia-labs/econia-v5: doc/architecture-specification.md

1. Size `SHALL` be expressed in terms of indivisible base subunits.
1. Volume `SHALL` be expressed in terms of indivisible quote subunits.
1. Order book prices `SHALL` be expressed as a rational number via a `u64` each
   for numerator and denominator, representing the ratio of quote to base, and

>    `MAY` be encoded as `numerator << 64 | denominator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `MAY` be encoded as `numerator << 64 | denominator` via a single `u128`.
```

Hopefully my understanding here is correct, but I think this might be a bit more clear (if it is accurate)

Author: Incorporated in 3aab499

### Trading

1. A user's open orders `SHALL` be tracked in an open orders object, such that
   market makers can submit the address of the object for optimized order
   placement.
1. Orders `SHALL` accept a size, limit price (worst execution price including
   fees), restriction, and open orders object address.
1. Order APIs `SHALL` accept `0x0` for open orders address to indicate an
   immediate-or-cancel order that settles to a user's primary fungible store.
1. Limit orders, market orders, and swaps `SHALL` be moderated via a single API

>    that uses `HI_64` or `0` for limit price to indicate an immediate-or-cancel
>    market order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   wherein a user can set an order's limit price to `HI_64` or `0` to indicate an immediate-or-cancel
   market order.
```

I think this is could be a bit clearer if I'm understanding correctly.

Am I right in reading this as a user can effectively create a market order by setting a limit order's limit price to `HI_64` or `0`?

Author: Yes this is correct, and nice catch here: this should actually be updated to reflect the new rational number pricing paradigm, as I've done in 3aab499
